*   The St. Charles 708 Community Mental Health Board meeting was called to
order on January 24, 2024, at 5:33 PM. *   Members Poremba, Rosenberg, Weddell,
and Denz were present; Litchfield, Muenz, and Rivard were absent. *   The
minutes from the November 15, 2023 meeting were approved. *   Chair Poremba
discussed the Kane County Opioid Taskforce meeting and the dispersal of $192.3M
in opioid lawsuit funds through 2038. *   A new Kane County website, "Your Story
Matters," focuses on stories of people affected by opioids, and Xylazine
contamination remains an issue. *   Chair Poremba offered mentorship for the
FY2025 chair/co-chair position, and new board members will be voted on at the
April 24th meeting. *   Agency interview questions for the social media
initiative will be discussed at the March 20th meeting. *   Jamie Muenz attended
Kate Bell's initiative at the library, and a recap will be provided at a future
meeting. *   A Bidders Meeting was held at 6:00 PM, with eight agency
representatives present. *   The application deadline is March 9th, and the
required presentation meeting is April 17th at 5:30 PM. *   Mr. Weddell
presented the application sections and answered questions, including one
regarding letters of good standing signed by Kwame Raoul. *   Returning agencies
will have 10 minutes for presentations, and new agencies will have 15 minutes. *
The board will post a map of the five wards within the 60174 and 60175 zip codes
on the city website. *   The board reconvened at 6:25 PM. *   The board approved
a motion to add highlighted verbiage to the funding application regarding
alternate presenters and mandatory attendance. *   The meeting adjourned at 6:34
PM. *   ADA compliance information was provided for individuals needing
accommodations.